 Letter of Intent (LOI) Superset ID: 3034040 Date: November 25, 2022 Dear Bidesh Banerjee, We are immensely glad to extend a hearty welcome to you to our Cognizant family. This LOI refers to your application for employment with Cognizant Technology Solutions India Private Limited ("Cognizant") and subsequentdiscussions. Basis the information and representation provided by you, we have found you suitable for the GenC Elevate role and your designationwill be Programmer Analyst Trainee. Upon final scrutiny, a formal full-time employment Offer Letter with the compensation, terms and conditions,rules, regulations & policies ("Employment Agreement") will be issued, and such Employment Agreement shall be subject to and be effective onlyupon your successful completion of the full-time internship program or Cognizant identified training programs as opted by you or mandated byCognizant and background verification. You will have an opportunity to opt for a full-time internship with stipend during your final semester and termsand conditions governing such full-time internship program shall be detailed in the Intern Offer Letter. It is hereby clarified that participation in this full-time internship program or Cognizant identified training programs shall not deem to constitute you tobe an employee of Cognizant and the scope of this full-time internship program or Cognizant identified training programs does not include anysupervisory responsibilities and that there is no agency, fiduciary or employer-employee relationship intended or created by reason of this LOI. During this full-time internship program or Cognizant identified training programs, you shall not be entitled for any benefits paid or made available toCognizant's full-time employees. Upon your successfully completion of full-time internship program or Cognizant identified training programs, completion of background verificationand being onboarded as an employee under a definitive Employment Agreement, your annual total remuneration shall be INR 4,01,988/- per annum. You are also eligible for a One-time Skill Bonus* of INR 25,000/-.The detailed information on compensation and benefits will be provided in your full-time employment Offer Letter. *One-time Skill Bonus will be based on the technical competency demonstrated thru skill-based assessment, Interview and full-time Internship /Cognizant identified training programs. This LOI expresses only our intent to enable you participate in the full-time internship program or such Cognizant identified training programs asopted by you or as mandated by Cognizant, and there upon successful completion of the training which brings eligibility to receive a definitiveEmployment Agreement, subject to completion of hiring formalities, background verification and procedures. Cognizant has zero tolerance towardsmalpractice in any form and reserves all rights with respect to hiring decisions and issue of full-time Offer. This document is only a letter of intent anddoes not constitute any contractual relationship between you and Cognizant. Cognizant holds all rights to withhold or cancel this LOI and/or the Intern/ Full-time employment Offer Letter due to non-conformance of performance benchmark or moral code of conduct. Code of Conduct : You shall comply with Cognizants Core Values and Standards of Business Conduct, located at and incorporated herein byreference. https://www.cognizant.com/us/en/documents/code-of-ethics.pdf This LOI from Cognizant is valid for 1 week - 7 calendar days, from the date of the LOI. Hence, you are requested to accept or decline the LOI within1 week from the date of the LOI. In case we do not receive any response from your end within the aforementioned time period, this LOI shall standwithdrawn, and will be considered as void. Any extension to the LOI validity will be at the sole discretion of Cognizant. Please note that this LOI is notdeemed to be considered as an employment contract or offer letter for purposes of joining Cognizant as an employee. For all onboarding formalities,the definitive Employment Agreement is required. Upon accepting this LOI, you hereby consent for Cognizant Technology Solutions India Private Limited to receive the personal information and/orsensitive personal information ('Personal Information') submitted by you for background verification and share the same with its empaneled vendorslocated in India for conducting mandatory background checks for employment opportunities with Cognizant. For further queries, related to Letter of Intent (LOI), please raise a request by clicking "Raise a Query" button in the below link. Use Superset ID asCandidate ID and choose Category as Letter of Intent (LOI).  https://campus2cognizant.cognizant.com/Pages/Prelogin GenC HR Team will reach out to you over email to guide you on the next steps.  Thank you for the interest and stay tuned to hear from us. Yours sincerely, For Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Maya Sreekumar  Vice President - Human Resources 